c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\NumericConverter.Tests.dll
c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\NumericConverter.Tests.pdb
c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\NumericConverter.dll
c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\NumericConverter.pdb
c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\obj\Debug\NumericConverter.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\obj\Debug\NumericConverter.Tests.dll
c:\users\kyle8\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\obj\Debug\NumericConverter.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\NumericConverter.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\NumericConverter.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\NumericConverter.dll
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\bin\Debug\NumericConverter.pdb
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\obj\Debug\NumericConverter.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\obj\Debug\NumericConverter.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Nicholas\Desktop\Tech1Submission\NumericConverter\NumericConverter.Tests\obj\Debug\NumericConverter.Tests.pdb
